About what the release branch is for, if used (#28)
NBISweden/development-guidelines: README.md

* One or several **feature** branches.
* One or several **hotfix** branches.

> The code on the **master** branch (often called `master`) is

Reviewer: Github calls the default branch `main` now, so that will probably become common in the future.

Reviewer 2: Yes we should update that

Reviewer 3: It is somewhat confusing with this statement. The text below is explaining the meaning of using a `release` branch, but here it says the  `master` branch and the `release` branch are often identical.

Reviewer 4: I find more clear the first version The code on the **master** branch (often called `master` or `release`) is...
since the coming sentences are explaining the release process.

> The code on the **master** branch (often called `master`) is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code on the **main** branch (often called `main` or `release`) is
```

Reviewer 2: @airenzp @nanjiangshu @norling what about this changes?

Reviewer 5: I approve at least.

stable, properly tested and is the version of the code that a typical
user should pick. No changes are made directly on the master branch
(but see below).

Strictly speaking, Git-Flow makes a distinction between a "master"
and a "release" branch where the release branch contains the next
release-in-making, branched off from the development branch.  The
`release` branch contains commits relating to creating the new release,
such as adjustments to release numbers.  The branch is then reviewed
and merged into the master *and* development branches, creating a new
release of the software on the master branch. We do not follow this, but

> you are free to do so if you think it make more sense, for example in a

Reviewer 3: `it make` -> `it makes`
